03 08 adaption now finished (#128)
OpenIntroStat/ims-tutorials: 03-model/08-lesson/03-08-lesson.Rmd

                      fig.width = 5,
                      echo = FALSE, 
                      message = FALSE, 
                      warning = FALSE,
                      verbose = FALSE)

# data prep --------------------------------------------------------------------

tutorial_options(exercise.blanks = TRUE)

mariokart <- filter(mariokart, total_pr < 100)
```

## Multiple Regression

This lesson will show you how to add two, three, and even more numeric explanatory variables to a linear model.

We are going to use two data sets. 

> 1. For our explication and demonstration, we will use `babies`, a data set originated from the Child Health and Development Studies. It is a data frame with 1236 observations and eight variables. For details see the [OpenIntro data page](https://www.openintro.org/data/index.php?data=babies).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For our explication and demonstration, we will use `babies`, a data set originated from the Child Health and Development Studies. It is a data frame with 1236 observations and eight variables. For details see [package documentation](http://openintrostat.github.io/openintro/reference/babies.html).
```
